Welcome back everyone.
So I mentioned in the last lecture run a download and a contest to go to Anaconda dot org and go to
download.
It's going to bring up more of these windows and you can just download Anaconda download the latest
version.
So right now it's 3.6 and install that version into your computer.
Make a note.
If it's not offering you the correct time make sure you download the correct type whether you have a
32 bit or 64 bit system.
It's the same for Mac.
Download the correct version of Anaconda.
We actually don't use very much in Anaconda when we actually work on the notebooks we're just going
to open in Jupiter.
So this is the logo of what you're going to open.
Like if I go to my Start Menu I click in there and then I have Jupiter notebook and this is what I open.
And from here once this opens it pulls up a terminal like this.
And the first time it it opens up it may ask you to cut this your all out and paste it in your browser.
And when you do so what it does is it allows it to log in with that tokin and then initialises Jupiter
because after you use this one time every time you open anaconda or rather Jupiter it's going to open
in your browser.
Just give it a minute it's going open on mine and then you can see all my various files and I would
go to desktop and read the full stack and you see I'm going deeper and deeper into one of our courses
and then deep learning.
Let's just look at a little interpellation and I click on that.
And this is actually how you run things in the Jupiter notebook and the way you execute as you click
within the cell you hit a control and then enter and then you see this Asterix it means it's running
the code right now.
And when it's complete if there was an output it would have given an output.
This is just importing stuff importing side pie pie and all these things.
So at this point it's not actually doing anything but that's how Jupiter is run.
So all you have to do is install Jupiter and I would ask for you to cut and paste that tokin go ahead
and cut and paste that token.
OK.
I'll see you guys next lecture.
Thanks.